[Music]
he needs to sedate the elephant so that
the snail can be safely removed guys we
already have the elephant
this is good I'm happy no the vets here
Fred worked alongside a spotter plane to
locate the injured boo
[Music]
he wants to dart it quickly to stop her
from suffering
[Music]
okay so the French managed to buy the
dark and elephants taken off through the
feast we're just gonna try and locate it
[Music]
choppers on the ground that's really
shocking
I mean to my boss you're black
on his side
the Bulls breathing is labored we have
to move fast to remove the snare
poachers have simply used winch cable
from a truck
[Music]
a snare like this is cheap to make it
could have called any of Weaver's
farmers wonderful Robert to me our
Father for profit the reason that this
animal has endured his unimaginable pain
is for this his tusks defies belief how
cruel people can be to enamels and how
senseless this whole thing is because so
much suffering for an ornament simply
for an ornament he's treated with a
special clay they'll help heal the wound
what do you think Fred thank you
you think it'll survive I can see the
guy's body condition is good he was
walking and also you're getting to
another bad level that is still ok to
survive you see the bone is not involved
okay I believe in targets okay so when
the bone is intact the soft tissue can
easily really repair recover and finally
the wound is treated with an antibiotic
spray all that remains is to wake him up
well my word hey fella okay
[Music]
[Applause]
the perfect launch
and a control drop this is as good a
descent as it's possible to make
[Music]
it's parents are there to meet it
a little dazed for happy but all in one
piece one Gosling at least hasn't made
it
[Music]
and this chick appears to be in a bad
way
[Music]
at last it responds to its mother's
calls the resilience of a barnacle goose
chip that is extraordinary but there are
still chicks unaccounted for somewhere
amongst the rubble
[Music]
the parents can't risk searching because
they need to lead their two survivors
away quickly before predators arrive
a third one has made it
but it needs to catch up
[Music]
reunited
three out of five chicks have made it
without such a dramatic start in life
it's unlikely any of them would have
even got this far if they become
separated they could easily drown
[Music]
oh my god what is going
the mothers try in vain but they can't
contain all three as they save one
another washes away
Oh God still going and the baby is gone
soon all three are being swept
downstream fast through the crocodile
infested waters
the currents even too much for the
mothers
to let their babies go
[Applause]
day you can't see how they can possibly
survive let's go let's go let's go
you can hear this poor female okay no no
no please
all the big femurs are running
okay one baby is out this year the other
one is here
Wow they're two babies actually here wow
they're really tough
come on big females come in
oh they're coming down
I hope they were seven because they will
get tired and if a crop rubs them
resurrection the poor mothers just don't
know what to do they have no way of
lifting them out and David can't even
help
[Music]
our common females get in and save the
babies the riverbank is shir and the
babies are weak and terrified
[Music]
oh man that is so relieving
it's so joyful to see all of them again
coming back together leopards are the
most versatile of all the big cats adept
at finding cover in the most on
promising places
[Music]
the steep walls of the gulley are now
her cover for an ambush
the male puku is close enough but he's
too big to tackle she needs to sleep
past him without being seen
if you sponsor he'll blow her cover
[Music]
slowly does it
to succeed here she needs to find prey
grazing close to the edge or better
still in the Kali itself
[Music]
frustration success would have staved
off hunger for a week
but while there's prey around this hope
peeking over the top is a risk but it's
the quickest way to find a new target
[Music]
[Applause]
a burst of speed of 65 kilometers an
hour and it's all over in less than six
seconds
except it isn't
[Music]
dazed and disorientated the Impala makes
a miraculous escape just seen a really
good-sized crocodile slide into the
water and I just want to get a handle on
where it is
[Music]
Oh
lastly I want to sense
a crocodile of this size could be fifty
years old and would have no trouble
taking an adult wildebeest or me
[Music]
the massive male makes with the surface
but simply takes a breath and heads
straight back down towards us
[Music]
big males battle to dominate their
territories he clearly sees us as a
challenge
we've no choice but to risk and - for
the surface
[Music]
not without doubt the most frightening
experience I've ever had without them
[Music]